But this one looks like a nasty mess but
let's just go ahead and work our way
through
it so we have as our first promise me
and Q if p and Q then not r
Heroes
I dropped some parentheses there that
weren't needed our conventions tell us
that since this is a arrow and an end
that the end
groups more tightly so I can mention
Stella just read this
as though there are parentheses around
the p in the queue
If you are more comfortable having those
parentheses
there by all means keep them there it's
optional you can do it either way
that's our premise or second premise is
Not not our heroes
And the question is
What rule can we apply to
those two premises in order to
get the conclusion and Q
What's the rule
Well if you look
at our two premises
One of them is a
conditional promise online one
The other one online 2
Is the negation of the consequent
of line 1 line 2 is
the consequence of line one
with an extra negation added
So that's what we need to apply modus
tollens
and if we apply mother's talent and we
have
the negation of that consequent it's
going to
spit out the negation of that antecedent
which
is exactly what we have as our
conclusion
so this is another instance of modus
tollens
1 + 2